This project is a JavaScript version of Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme. It has
2 distinguishing features:

1. It is interoperable and compatible with B. Poettering's Linux `ssss` utility
   (`ssss-split` and `ssss-combine`) from http://point-at-infinity.org/ssss/ so
   keys/shares can be created with one and recovered with the other. That
   project was used as the reference implementation for this project.
2. It consists of a single `html` file which includes everything needed to
   split and combine a secret. As a result it is fully usable from Windows,
   Mac OSX, Linux, and other operating systems with a modern browser.

There are some other implementations of Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme (SSSS)
floating around, but none seem to be compatible with each other. The Linux
utility is great, but chances are the people you want to share the secret with
are not running Linux.

The author of the Linux utility maintains a web page where the utility can be
demo'd, but the author notes that it's not secure and should not be used for
sensitive data.

The `ssss.html` file generated by this project has no server dependencies (or
any other external dependencies) and is as secure as the browser or PC it's
being used on. Additionally, it eliminates the need to rely on a 3rd party web
site page that may or may not be available in the future.

Usage
=====
- Open up the `ssss.html` page with a browser and follow the simple instructions.

Build
=====
- A simple `Makefile` is provided to assist with generating the stand-alone
  `html` page.

Test
====
- Since all the tests are in `test/*`:
```
    ./node_modules/qunitjs/bin/qunit
```
OR (during development) if you have `entr`:
```
    ls *.js test/*.js | entr -c ./node_modules/qunitjs/bin/qunit
```
